proposal for an executive summary (#226)
coq-community/coq-nix-toolbox: README.md

# Coq Nix Toolbox

## General presentation

> The Coq Nix Toolbox is a set of Nix helper scripts to automate local builds and CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Coq Nix Toolbox is a set of helper scripts to ease setting of CI for developments and their reverse dependencies.
It is based on the [Nix package manager](https://nixos.org/) and its [nixpkgs package repository](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs).
```

The Coq Nix Toolbox has mainly two purposes:

> 1. It generates configuration files to trigger a CI for your Coq project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. It generates [GitHub actions](https://github.com/features/actions) configuration files to trigger a CI for your Coq project and its reverse dependencies.
```

   These files are generated in `.github/workflows` and,
   when pushed to github, they trigger a CI using "github actions".
   This CI uses the Nix packaging system and a caching mechanism called "cachix".

> 2. It generates configurations so that dependencies are handled by the shell.
>    The shell in question is called "nix-shell",
>    the configurations are called "bundles", and
>    local compilation is optimized using caching as provided by "cachix".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. It offers Nix configurations files so that one can locally obtain a shell with all dependencies preloaded by simply running `nix-shell` in the development root directory.

3. Multiple cases of dependencies (typically different versions of Coq) can be easily handled with "bundles" of (reverse) dependency versions/git refs.

4 One can retrieve locally builds already performed on CI through "cachix".
```
